Ponyband version whatever

It's been said that everything in the world has been crossed by ponies. This 
includes Roguelikes in general and Angband in particular.  However, despite 
this, I felt I still had something to offer.

My Little Angband: Dungeons are Magic is based on FAAngband version 1.4.4 by 
Nick McConnell.  The main goal has been to create an in depth move of the game 
from Middle Earth to Equestria.  While doing so, I tried to keep the feel of 
its predecessors.

Here are some of the biggest goals for this:

- Many of the game's races are quadrupeds and the gameplay reflects this.  This
  both helps give a unique feel, but also introduces a number of strategic 
  differences from bipedal creatures.  There are also differences between the
  races such as the ability to equip rings or use magic.  These also have a 
  number of race specific activated abilities in combat.
  
- Ponies have Cutie Marks.  These add an additional level of fine tuning for 
  character creation and a level of personalization of the character.

- Replaced references to Middle Earth with ones to Equestria.  While this is 
  fairly normal with variants like this, references to other franchises can
  quickly break immersion.
  
I also wanted to add additional variety beyond what was added by the varying 
races and Cutie Marks.

- A number of additional classes beyond the normal selection that should have 
  a distinct feel from the original classes.
  
- A pet system allowing another form of combat

- Multiple spell realms so a casting class isn't the same from game to game.

Thanks to the teams at Hasbro and Studio B for creating the show, fans of my 
previous game for supporting me, and the people at angband.oook.cz for their 
help.

Michael Northingotn



=== My Little Angband Copyright Information ===
=== See fadesc.txt for FAAngband Copyright Information ===
=== See also oangdesc.txt for OAngband Copyright Information ===
=== See also angdesc.txt for Angband Copyright Information ===

My Little Angband Version 0.0.1:  Michael 'Rydel' Northington

Copyright (c) 2014 Michael Northington, Nick McConnell, Bahman Rabii, 
                        Leon Marrick, Robert Ruehlmann, Ben Harrison, 
						James E. Wilson, Robert A. Koeneke
		
This software may be copied and distributed for educational, research,
and not for profit purposes provided that this copyright and statement
are included in all such copies.  Other copyrights may also apply.

All changes made by Nick McConnell are also available under the GNU
GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE.  Note that this doesn't influence the current
distribution, since parts of the source are still only available under
the old Moria/Angband/Oangband/FAangband license.  Until all parts of Angband
are distributed under the GPL the only valid license remains the
original Moria/Angband license.

Note, though, that current efforts to release Angband and its variants under
the GPL are close to complete, so future versions of FAangband may be GPLd.